Add Arm64 related documents, add more content into debug.md (#682)
kubevirt/user-guide: docs/virtual_machines/virtual_machines_on_Arm64.md

# Virtual Machines on Arm64

This page summaries all unsupported Virtual Machines configurations and different default setups on Arm64 platform.

## Virtual hardware

### Machine Type

Currently, we only support one machine type, `virt-rhel9.2.0`, which is set by default.

### BIOS/UEFI

> On Arm64 platform, we only support UEFI boot which is set by default, and UEFI secure boot is not support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Arm64 platform, we only support UEFI boot which is set by default. UEFI secure boot is not supported.
```

### CPU

#### Node-labeller

Currently, Node-labeller is not supported on Arm64 platform, but enablement of the feature is in our plan.

#### Model

`host-passthrough` is the only model that supported on Arm64. The CPU model is set by default on Arm64 platform.

### Clock

`kvm` and `hyperv` timers are not supported on Arm64 platform.

### Video and Graphics Device

We do not support vga devices but use virtio-gpu by default.

### Hugepages

Hugepages are not supported on Arm64 platform.

### Resources Requests and Limits

> Resources requests and limits depends on Node-labeller which is not supported on Arm64, so Resources requests and limits
> does not works on Arm64 platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource requests and limits depend on Node-labeller which is not supported on Arm64, so Resource requests and limits
do not work on Arm64 platform.
```

## NUMA

> As the precondition of NUMA feature, Hugepages, is not enabled on Arm64 platform, NUMA feature does not works on Arm64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As Hugepages are a precondition of the NUMA feature, and Hugepages are not enabled on the Arm64 platform, the NUMA feature does not work on Arm64.
```

## Disks and Volumes

> Only support virtio and scsi disk bus type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arm64 only supports virtio and scsi disk bus types.
```

> ## interface and networks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Interface and Networks
```

### macvlan

We do not support `macvlan` network because the project https://github.com/kubevirt/macvtap-cni does not support Arm64.

### SRIOV

> This device does not verify on Arm64 platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This class of devices is not verified on the Arm64 platform.
```
